Hahaha
You actually said that this is the complete technique of the virtual maze
When the fifth letter was at its peak
He has dispatched hundreds of six-level great perfection masters
Searching for virtual labyrinths that have never been found in the world
How could it be in the hands of an unknown person like you?
A broken imperial sister is also said to be a virtual fan practice
fool
Xuantian Wuji
Creation is infinite
I am alone under the sky
False fan practice method
Ah, the smell
Yes yes virtual maze
There can be no mistake.
It's a virtual maze.
How is that possible?
He actually broke through
In this instant
Breakthrough to the seventh major achievement
It's even stronger than my cultivation
Half foot in
Go to the eighth weight first
This is Sevenfold Perfection
I broke through
I'll count to three.
If you, Situ Haotian, don't appear again
Then I will take the followers
Kill all
three
two
Stop